Gelbooru response contains two keys:

    @attributes: 
        A dictionary containing information
        about the request.

        ex: {'limit': 10, 'offset': 0, 'count': 2043}
    
    post:
        A dictionary containing posts of length equal
        to that of 'limit'.

    Each post contains the follwing information:

    'id': 
        A post's unique identifier

    'created_at': 
        Date and time information when created 
    
    'score': 
        The amount of upvotes that a post has received
    
    'width': 
        Width of the source image 
    
    'height': 
        Height of the full image
    
    'md5': 
        MD5 hash of the image to ensure legitamacy against potential copies 
    
    'directory': 
        String containing the subdirectories for which the post is contained
        All images are found on the CDN at img3.gelbooru.com/images/xx/yy where
        xx/yy are the 2 subdirectories containing the image, formatted as hex.

    'image': 
        The default file name of the image. Is a string of length 32 formatted
        in hex. A string that can hold approximately ~3.4e38 unqiue values.

    'rating': 
        What can be referred to as the 'age rating' of an image. Can be one of 
        'safe', 'sensitive', 'questionable', or 'explicit'. 
        
        Described by Gelbooru as follows:

        — General:
            G-rated content. Content that is completely safe for work. Nothing 
            sexualized or inappropriate to view in front of others.

        — Sensitive:
            Ecchi, sexy, suggestive, or mildly erotic content. Skimpy or 
            revealing_clothes, swimsuits, underwear, images focused on the breasts 
            or ass, and any other content that is potentially not safe for work.

        — Questionable:
            Softcore erotica. Simple nudity or near-nudity, but no explicit sex or 
            exposed genitals.

        — Explicit:
            Blatantly sexual content. Explicit sex acts, exposed genitals, and 
            sexual fluids.        

    'source': 
        If an image comes from another source, a string will be provided which links
        to the original post containing this image. Else, an empty string.

    'change': 
        The Change ID of the post

    'owner':
        The name of the user that posted this image

    'creator_id':
        The poster's user ID

    'parent_id': 
        A number which references the parent post of this post. This is reserved for
        'child posts', which are posts that are directly linked to other posts. Typically
        a thread of images (like multiple panels of a doujin), multiple variations or edits
        of the same image, or simply a collection of closely related images.

        If the post is not a child, then this value is 0.

    'sample':
        A number referring to the amount of sample images that this post has. A sample
        is a smaller version of the original image.

    'preview_height':
        The height of the preview image that is shown in the gallery view when looking
        at the site.

    'preview_width':
        The width of the preview image that is shown in the gallery view when looking
        at the site.

    'tags':
        A space-separated list containing all of the tags for this image.

    'title': 
        A string containing the title of the post if it exists, else just an empty string.

    'has_notes':
        A boolean value indicating if this post has any additional notes.

    'has_comments':
        A boolean value indicating if any users have left comments on this post.

    'file_url':
        The CDN link to the original image. Use for requests and saving the full image.

    'preview_url':
        The CDN link to the thumbnail-sized preview image.
    
    'sample_url':  
        The CDN link to the smaller sample version of the image. Reserved for images that are
        of higher resolution and are scaled down. Use this if you want to save space.
    
    'sample_height':
        The height of the sample image.
    
    'sample_width':
        The width of the sample image.
    
    'status':
        A string indicating the state of the post. Indicates if post is active or deleted.
    
    'post_locked':
        Indicates if the post is locked and unable to recieve new comments.
    
    'has_children':
        Boolean value indicating if the post is a parent of one or more child posts.
